{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green16\blue197;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18520\viewh19620\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Elevation of Privilege Card Deck, 84 cards \
\
Cards: print 4cp+primer 2 sides \
Paper stock: white Microsoft Sterling Gloss 120# Cover. \
Flood gloss UV 2 sides. \
Collate into sets of 1/e of 84; round corner x 4. \
Size: 2 \'be inches x 4 \'be inches\
 \
Carton Box: Print 4cp+primer 1 side \
Paper stock: white Microsoft Carolina 18pt C1S. \
Flood gloss UV (spot for glue flap only). \
Diecut, trim, straightline glue to finish approx 2-3/4 inches x 7/8 inch x 4-3/4 inches straight tuck end.  \
\
\
FILE Set Up:\
\
Order of cards:\
\'95 Instruction Cards\
\'95 Strategy Card\
\'95 Playing Cards (Cards are in order in InDesign file. Order follows STRIDE Acronym)\
\'95 Threat Reference Cards (Order follows STRIDE Acronym)\
	-Spoofing\
	-Tampering\
	-Repudiation\
	-Information Disclosure\
	-Denial of Service\
	-Elevation of Privilege\
\'95 About Card\
\
you can also reference this pdf showing all backs and fronts of each card: \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf2 EoP DECK ALL-CARDS.pdf \cf0 (166 pages = 84 cards)
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 This will show you the order of the cards.\
Odd number pages are the front of each card. Even pages are the back of each of the card. \
In other words: Page 1 is the front side of page 2, page 3 is the front-side of page 4, etc.\
DIE Line is on it's own layer in the PDF document.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf2 EoP Box-June2010.ai\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 DIE Line is on it's own layer in the PDF document.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf2 EoP Box-June2010.pdf
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
}